DISHA TAPADIYA
United States | +1 (801) 814-9344 disha.tapadiya@utah.edu | https://www.linkedin.com/in/disha1407/

EDUCATION
University of Utah, David Eccles School of Business
Master of Science, Business Analytics | Dec 2023
Salt Lake City, UT
Relevant Courses: Database Theory and Design, Statistics and Predictive Analytics, Data Visualization, Analytical Decision Models, Big Data and Data Science

Medi-Caps University
Bachelor of Technology, Electronics and Communication | Jun 2021
Indore, MP, India

SKILLS
Databases/Big Data: SQL Server, MySQL, Firebase
Analytics/Visualization: Tableau, Adobe Analytics, DOMO, Power BI, Alteryx Web Tools/Technologies: CSS, HTML
Project Management: ServiceNow
Programming: R, Python, C++, Java
OS/Servers: Windows, Linux

INTERNSHIPS AND EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING PROJECTS
University of Utah Athletics, Data Analytics Intern | Jan 2023 - May 2023
Applied Health and Performance Science Department
Gather, analyze, and interpret data about approximately 10 sports using vast databases and a variety of expert statistical approaches.
Create monthly reports for the coaches using the data collected to help them make periodization plans.
Create the visualizations for the same reports to get insights from and make an informed decision.

Gradly Incorporation, Intern India | Jun 2019 - Aug 2019
Implemented C, C++, JavaScript, NodeJS, jQuery, FireBase and ReTool while interning with Gradly to design webpage, linked login page to the database, which has around 2000 users.
Performed data scraping, data tagging, data analyzing from approximately 10 websites which helped our development team to create a successful bot for queries.

EXPERIENCE
Capgemini Mumbai, MH, India, Analyst | Jul 2021 – Jul 2022
Analyzed data for 50,000 windows and linux servers which gave us results on functioning of servers.
Maintained the cloud servers through AWS EC2 Instance for better productivity and efficiency.
Completed one month of ServiceNow and hands-on training in Windows, Linux, Networking, SQL-DBA.
Involved in cross-functional communication with tower teams, management, product teams and client to identify and fix problems for improving workflow.

PARTICIPATION AND ACHIEVEMENTS
DOMO - Layton Hackathon | 3rd Position Holder (Graduate Student Division) Nov 2023
Utilized Domo to identify variables that correlate with safety incidents across all 2019-2021 Layton Construction
work sites in order to provide KPIs and actionable insights for the management team.
Performed ETL and further brainstormed the business objectives to understand the correlation between the Safety
Incident Rate and Loss of Time Accident Rate. Learned a new tool and designed different charts under 48 hours.
Presented the team’s findings to a panel of judges through the use of Domo Dashboards.

GAME DAY ANALYTICS | 1st Position Holder (Graduate Student Division) Feb 2023
Extracted Super Bowl commercial tweets from Twitter API using Python.
Cleaned and analyzed 4 million tweets using Alteryx and Tableau prep to provide valuable insights to advertisers,
including sentiment analysis and return on investment per ad spent.
Designed data visualizations using Power BI and Tableau to present key findings to a panel of judges and sponsors.
